.
Those ordered
ideas that
that's okay should be all right and that was pretty loud, turn my headphones down and a little bit
should be a ride
You
I
Didn't manage to get my date right today. It should say the 12th and it says the 8th. Oh well
one man band
Hello Pamela. Hello everyone. Fletch you are number one on my screen
Congratulations on that number one position. I know it's very coveted. I guess there's thousands of dollars that get
Exchange behind the scenes over who makes it and who doesn't make it as first. So well done
Despite remodeling his studio mark the use of tonic live is still producing videos
Make sure you look at his alternative channels on bit shoot and elsewhere to find these things
Also follow his Twitter if you need some help
But make sure you're not not watching mark because he's still working
The rules protect yourself at all times follow my instructions keep it clean touch gloves if you wish. Let's do it
Sweaty bombs. This is so crazy
Like these bumps. This is so crazy. I feel so nervous like what in the world man
Yeah
Yeah, I'm working on trying to shift off of twitch, so just stay tuned
I don't want to just jump ship because I know a lot of people have
Paid the price of subscribing here, but I do want to announce the fact that I'm probably gonna move
I mean eventually we got to move off of this. It's a pretty bad platform
I mean, I'm completely okay with admitting that
You have been joining us for a while you're here at the top of the wave where we stay focused on the biology
We don't take the bait on TV and in social media and we love our neighbors
Naval if you watch the Super Bowl last name neighbor
And this is how it works there are people that support this stream and they do it by going to giga-home
biological.com and scrolling down to where you can subscribe
and the people that are subscribing are right here and
It's important to see that this is not an updated list because I'm a punk
My wife is doing this stuff and has sent me the email will update it on the evening show or on the morning show tomorrow
As you can see we are trying to shift now to multiple shows during the week during the day
I'm not suggesting by any stretch of the imagination. I'm sorry that it's a little stuttery here. There it goes
I'm not sure that I'm promising a show in the morning and in the evening every day
but what I'm trying to do is
be there more often and more often during the day because
Although I work during the day
It's also a better time for me to stream from the perspective of being available and flexible
and being able to do it regularly
And that's the goal is regular student now
Because we want to establish an independent bright web of sort a place where people can go and find you know
An objective take on things rather than something that's sponsored
Rather than that's something that's influenced by who my sponsors are who I wear my loyalties lie
I mean that could have already been even distorted from the perspective of
Let's say
Let's say that could have even been distorted from the perspective of me working for for a CHD
And so we're really trying to
to emphasize the fact that giga-owned biological is indeed as independent as we get flying on on fumes basically and
That's part of the reason why I haven't been able to be on daily daily daily
is because I still need to shuffle around in the background until we get a certain number of subscribers and and
That means sometimes consulting and sometimes helping out with letter writing or anything where I can get an extra and extra
A few bucks
And so I did do a lot of that work over the weekend
But it is Monday the 12th and we're right back here trying to fight this idea that that those
Who are manipulating us have this unseen mechanism. It's an unseen mechanism that has actually you know the idea
The idea is to convince the young people of the world that this is something that's just recently become
available to them
It's something that's just recently a technique that's being applied and they still have a chance to escape it
And I think it's very important to to emphasize the fact that
This is indeed not the case that actually the
Unseen manipulation of our habits and our opinions has been going on for decades and it's only become
Weaponized in a new level militarized in a new level because it has been prioritized
as a national security priority the
Organized control of our habits and our opinions is an is a national security priority at this stage
They need us to believe what they want us to believe and the
The bureaucracy became convinced of this quite some time ago that it was better for the american public
Not to really know the truth about much of anything and that way they would be the most easy to govern
This is a principle that although has been
Widely applied for decades. It's not something that has become so blatantly obvious as during the pandemic
And that's where this whole narrative is tumbled out of control for them
That's where this whole narrative is tumbled out of control and where I think your own biological finds we find ourselves
is fighting this this concept that
We have any more informed consent that anyone is looking out for our informed consent our rights and anyone is protecting our sovereignty
This is an illusion
And it wasn't illusion already before the pandemic, but it was a much more subtle illusion
It wasn't something
That they stood upon
It was something that everybody knew in the background, but often didn't act on
And now we're seeing the overt application of this governance system on every front and on every angle
And this pivot
Because they didn't get us all on board with the fear uncertainty and doubt of worst case scenario
This pivot is awkward and this pivot is off balance
And so now we have
A western civilization with multiple factions inside of it with different understandings of what's going on
And while this could still be very useful to the people who want to fragment western civilization and
Replace it with a totalitarian global governance system
It's only useful from the
From the outside perspective on the inside it's already done
The financial system is already in place
The the legislation is already in place
The people are already in place
And so it's just a matter of time all this stuff in my humble opinion that's going on with the farmers in europe is just gassing
It's just
Exhaust, you know, it's it's let them get their energy out let them burn all their money
Let them spend all of their money on on running those those tractors and and not being at home during the winter
That's fine
We can let them do that and the the controllers of this don't mind
I know it's important
But I need us to start to realize that if we're going to do this realistically
Whatever we're seeing on the internet and whatever is happening on the internet is not enough
And in fact, we are being shown it
Give us a false sense that there are a number of people acting and maybe we ourselves
Don't have to step away from our toaster ovens and do anything about it
Maybe we can just hope that there will be enough people that stand up for us
And that's all this is about
Because the standing up of farmers in the EU is irrelevant the EU is gone
The legislation is already in place. The control is already there. They can't do anything by parking a bunch of
Of tractors in different places or spraying
Um
Manure in different they're not going to change anything with that they need to elect people
And those people need to change things and if they're not going to elect people
But they're just going to park tractors all over the place then they're wasting an enormous amount of energy
They should be better off at home
Having regular meetings to make sure that all of the people that they want in office are in office next time and instead
What are they doing with this money and these resources? I'm afraid this is a great big disaster over there
But I don't know because I live in america
Where we have been victimized by what i'm characterizing is a team worst case scenario people that have been recruited
People that are unwitting participants
People that are actually actors for the national security exercise or national security live exercise
That is the pandemic
And whether or not it's been officially declared over it doesn't matter because behind the scenes is operating this
Other sort of governance system that is very difficult to characterize but is often mischaracterized as the department of defense
And the department of defense is doing all of this is a horrible mischaracterization of what's going on here
Because it is actually health and human services in the executive branch
And if there is any dod participation it is because of the oversight on the dod
That these other
I'm sorry executive branch organizations have
And the control that they have over the dod as a result of being part of the executive branch
And this this is a careful careful distortion that actually again
Allows the facilitation of the repeating of the worst case scenario narrative but without an accurate
depiction of how the worst case scenario would have been enacted on us and it would have been in
Health and human services centered executive branch centered operation
Even if the dod was used and that needs to be
Firmly understood because the dod is not an organization that operates on its own. It's just not
And we need that to be understood from a patriotic perspective so that we aren't out there
Saying things that in essence undermine the real hierarchy and the real potential patriotic foundation of our america
Which is the the armed forces which are all these people who have dedicated their lives to the service of our country
So be very careful about this the way that this narrative is being told and i'm not suggesting to you at all the darpa and barta
And all these other organizations ditra are not involved of course they are but they're all under the auspicious
Of health and human services and under the executive branch and the the actual
Authority lies there not in some dod office
And
In reality the buck always stops with the executive branch as far as the dod goes
So that argument doesn't hold water
Especially in light of the trump administration and the biden administration and all of the
The shenanigans that we know that went on with both of those and the transition. So here we are
With a group of people that i think is aptly characterized as team worst case scenario still leading
A dissonant narrative that's causing an illusion of consensus that has most of the people on the planet convinced that they
Are starting to understand what happened and that they finally solved the mystery for themselves
They've even learned a little virology and it feels great
And now they have this righteous anger for the arrogance of the united states and for the arrogance of
Of the out of control nature of the american enterprise and it's just
It's just a absolutely ludicrous mythology that is based on
You being tricked into solving a mystery
And feeling like you've unmasked the bad guys or watched it happen with these intrepid reporters and these people who were being
Whistle blowers and none of them none of them none of them have ever gotten to the stage where they are willing to say
That intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
Because this whole
Charade is designed to permanently preserve this mythology to make sure that we
Wittingly or unwittingly pass this mythology of vaccination and
Pandemic potential onto our children so that they can be governed by it forever
So that they will surrender the sovereignty of their their bodies over to the state as part of this
Weird neo-communistic idea that we should all give up our
Biology so that we can figure it out
That the sacred can be dismissed that there is no sacred
And I think there's a lot of waking up to be done here in america a lot of waking up that
I'm still hesitating on when to drop some of these nuclear bombs these
Cognitive nuclear bombs that's what they are if you start to really
See the system for what it is see the patterns for what they are and look backwards in history and see everything line up
The way that it does
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent in any of the people that we're working in a molecular biology space or an academic
Biology space where they were using
Transfection regularly in any of their animal models or any of their their their disease models should have done known better
That's absolutely certain
And that's the one sort of thing that I got right from the very beginning
Absolutely right from the very beginning as soon as I saw that they were going to use
Transfection and we're calling it an investigational vaccine. I stood on the roof
Whether or not I got the gain of function mythology right off the bat is a whole nother story and i'm totally ashamed of that but
Transfection I knew from the very beginning and I spoke out from the very beginning and that's what originally got my tires flat
But now we're four years into this and my
Professional
Whatever
Independence and and my independent existence during the pandemic has has evolved from being an advisor to Robert F
Kennedy jr. On a book called the Wuhan cover-up where I put a lot of the
Biology of RNA viruses in there that is not in every other book
And I even got a paper in there from 2019
um
Where a postdoc of Ralph Barrick and cena bivari talk about a pandemic from a coronavirus from a bat cave that needs room
Dezavir and it's coming soon
And so
After that I got hired by chd for six short months before I was let go again because of some amorphous thing that I said on my podcast
That was unacceptable that interfered with the
How show how did they say it the interfered with chd and their partners
Um, so who knows maybe I was not selling enough of the Wuhan cover-up or I was damaging the sales of
Robert Malone's book that's also sold by children's health defense
And their book moniker with with
Skyhorse I don't know what happened
But I do know that the spread of bad ideas is much scarier than the spread of any RNA molecule
And me teaching this seems to annoy everyone and it doesn't matter on what side you're on
If you're on the side of a of no virus, you don't like me if you're on the side of children's health
defense
Book sales committee or on their management apparently you don't like me
As far as I know brian hooker thought I was fantastic and a great colleague as far as I know
Most of the people that I worked with at chd were just absolutely thrilled
That I got the job there, but somehow or another in
In less than an hour
Um, I went from being that to being out
Um, and I don't think that the way it went
Suggests that very many people were involved because again, how many times do I need to say it? How hard is it to sabotage?
A fair tug of war with 20 against 20 only one or two people need to fake it
And that will be a sabotage to tug of war and so in chd you only have to have one or two
Saboteurs you only have to have one or two people with ulterior motives that occasionally
Just keep chd from doing any major
You know good from completing any major
Goals or wasting a tremendous amount of money and not doing as much as they could with it
That's all you need
And so I almost guarantee you that chd has always had people like that trying to infiltrate that organization in order to bring it down
I wonder if this is the first time that they've had to throw somebody out because they were going to be too effective or they were
Going to have too much influence on the total organization for them to be controllable
Because um, you know, this is where we are
We are fighting against an organized group of
mismedlers that I
I know that some of the people that follow this dream don't like me to say it, but they are committed to lying
And it's that simple
And it's just hard for people to get their head around the spectacular commitment that
That got us here. It's just a spectacular commitment to lying
And
It doesn't need to be any more than that. It doesn't need to be elaborate
Biotechnology, it doesn't need to be elaborate schemes. It doesn't need to be elaborate cover-ups
It just needs to be a spectacular commitment to lying about it
And that alone will be enough to propel the uncertainty and doubt the actual fear of this
The
The fear of the the gain of function virus, right? This
This thing that now Charles rixie and kevin mccurnan apparently gagrion is that bioweapons don't aim for mortality. They aim to maim
And to far more economic destruction than rapid death
And he even cites charles rixie as a guy who knows all about this this incapacitating agent, right?
And he also cites curiously enough the the federation of american scientists one of the absolute biggest jokes
Of an organization that has ever been created in recent memory
That was all on board for the entire duration of 2020 and 2021 on every major nonsensical thing including masks
Lockdowns and the vaccines and and oh we better be careful the vaccine hesitancy the whole thing
And
This is very extraordinary because this is a guy that has talked to
Jessica hawkett and
and
And jonathan angler about some of the data in new york city and in italy and had a hard time processing that there may not have been
The pandemic that he thought he used to work for the cdc. He's a very interestingly open-minded fella
Here he is questioning who's charles rixie and why should he be credible and he's being responded to by kevin mccurnan
Who is citing charles rixie the guy who used to work with me had chd before he got fired
By chd for not talking to bobby on the phone and for having
a laptop with a
A a confidential document open with kevin mccaren in the room in a in a hotel room
While he was in the states
randomly
And that's what he got fired for and it's just crazy to think that that guy is now being cited by that guy
And and what where what does this really mean? What does it mean if the guy who?
Took drastic that's that's an organization of anonymous foreigners and gave them the diffuse proposal that was leaked to him
Gave the diffuse proposal to a bunch of anonymous foreigners instead of i don't know turning it into the state department or to
the government or to how about senator ron johnson
How about anyone besides a bunch of people on twitter
He's connected to kevin mccaren who's connected to paul katrel to the very beginning of the pandemic who's connected to adi ads
Who's connected to george web george web says paul katrel is a hero and millions were killed by a bio weapon is what bio is what rixie sells
on
The other hand on the other side of this little coin we have kevin mccurnan who you know is just thinks that i'm a clown because i've
Been talking about infectious clones as if they might be an important methodology and he doesn't think so
Whose dad was in to micro RNAs at the very very start
Who who cut his teeth in the human genome project and then went in at all in on a company afterward with his brothers at the ha at the helm
And his father and and even eric lander to do
PCR and to do dna production for hiv testing
And now he's currently defending virology as a whole
There's nothing wrong with it. The sequence has proved the pandemic and he's citing the biggest joke of scientific organizations ever
Not the american academy of science is not not science magazine or anything, you know, I don't know what you would cite but but
Really the fas check that organization out and tell me you think that that's a real a real
think tank
Think tank with a small t that's for sure
So this is where we are the show is going on. This is a guy with
30,000 followers or so that's a guy with lots of followers and they're just
Performing the worst case scenario. Just keep acting it out
That it was a bioweapon that they meant to do it that it spread everywhere because it's so contagious because that fear and cleavage site makes it magical
That there's proofreading in coronavirus is therefore five years from a point makes sense and it's just absurd
You can argue about the swarm and whether the swarm is as deep as we thought it was or not
It doesn't matter. RNA doesn't copy like DNA done
There's a million things wrong with with with the assumption that an RNA molecule that started in a puddle in Wuhan
Is spreader all around the world even if it started a little earlier. There's a million things wrong with that and they all know it
Because there's just this is just a spectacular commitment to lies
I
Should really say lies instead of bad ideas, you know
The spread of lies is much scarier than and dangerous than the spread of any RNA molecule. That's really what this is
It's the spread of lies
Because if you don't know that these things
Aren't real then you're spreading things. You shouldn't be spreading anyway
And that's what teamwork case scenario is all about. So I've been promising for a while
um to try and tap into this originally and I think
I'm saying that I'm going to go to
Farewell to virology and and and this other stuff. I think I need to go back back farther
And so today I wanted to take the time to go back far enough so that we're really
um way before the pandemic way before
Flew all this stuff. We need to go
Really back to what I think where the the heart of this all starts where the heart of all this lying starts
Where all of these people happen to be in the same place at the same time
Where Robert Malone was kind of working in the background and a lot of these other
Virologists and immunologists and vaccinologists were cutting their teeth in the background at this time that are now
Between 50 and 70 years old these people
We need to go all the way back to the the original the original debate and that original debate is hiv
So let's do that
You
You speak of this out of the case in in australia
Yeah, well in australia, there was a man who it's claimed infected three women
And I think one woman died in the defense of the man
I don't know if I don't know the details if he did it delivered if he knew
I don't want to get into that and what the punishment should be
Interesting
I find it interesting that very much like tony fauci he has a wall of pictures of his own accomplishments and his own things
I like a selfie like everybody else does, but this is a little different because this is camera days
You know, there's a little more work involved
You know and they're all framed. It's not on his phone or something like that. So this is a very much
You know proud of himself kind of wall and it's okay to have one of those walls
I guess but I don't have one of those walls
I got my kids on the wall
But uh, I don't have anything
The only thing I have on my wall actually in this room that has anything to do with me is my phd
Um diploma and it's right next to my wife's phd diploma
It's not like I have them up there specifically because we met in amsterdam and it reminds me of her not because
And I don't have them back there, you know, so you can see them. I have them there's actually so I can see them
so that I can remember where this all started when we just
were two innocent kids
meeting on the street in amsterdam at at 20 something
um
When amsterdam was still the coolest city in the world. So it to me, it's very striking. Sorry
I'm interrupting already, but I just think it's really it is striking to me that
It doesn't it's not surprising. It's just noticeable. But the question is is his defense was an absurdity
but uh the virus
didn't exist
The biggest problem with the HIV theory of AIDS is HIV
There is a group of AIDS denialists that say that HIV does not exist and has never been isolated
Which is as bizarre as it gets
You and your colleagues not only state that HIV does not cause AIDS
But you take an even greater leap and say HIV does not exist. Is that correct?
Oh, it is partly correct
We do not say that HIV doesn't exist
It may exist but the presently available data does not prove its existence
But how can you say that
When world-renowned scientists like dr. Gallo and dr. Fauci say HIV does exist
Are you telling me in the world that they're all wrong?
What I what we're saying is there is the evidence there that data in the scientific literature which is published
Scientists interpreted data differently and who interpreted evidence one way and they interpreted in a different way
So in our view the evidence does not prove the existence of HIV
We've all seen pictures. We've seen electron micrographs of HIV
How can you say something that we see isn't there?
You didn't see electron micrograph of HIV
What we see is electron micrograph of particles which look like retroviruses
But uh, it's one thing to look like and another thing is to be a virus
The one thing I don't understand is how can you question the existence of a virus when there was an international lawsuit
Against the united states government and robert gallo for stealing the french virus
I mean, it seems to me there must be a virus there if somebody stole it
That's the problem and then no circumstances
robert gallo who have stolen
Monterneas virus even if there was such a virus because what montanea sent to gallo was
Um supernatives from his cultures
And in the supernate and the virus says don't last for too long
and in fact the
The particles have to have
Knobs on their or spikes on their surface to be infectious
And these knobs are lost and in fact
Nobody has proven that they exist but even if they exist on HIV or the particles
They're lost very rapidly. So it is impossible for montaneaes
for uh to have
For gallo to have stolen a virus from montanea
And so I would say that right here we're already at sort of a first sort of inkling into what i'm
Suggesting is happening here
So hiv hasn't been proven to exist the lawsuit equals virus exists is what the guy asks her
But of course we know that that's wrong
um, but that's the sort of
the sort of way that that he approaches the question but
They couldn't steal the virus because in the supernatant viruses don't last they lose their knobs. I apologize. I'm writing with this
this
This pen I can't correct that but they lose their knobs, which is I can't think it's kind of funny
They lose their spike proteins is what she means. They lose their knobs. It's funny though because
What she's suggesting is is that they're not culturable
That they they can't sustain whatever they pass along in the supernatant can't be sustained
The viruses don't last now. I don't know why it is
If it's because they lose their knobs or what it is
The point is is that
Just like with corona viruses the same problem exists here
Back with hiv and that problem is is that when you pass these viruses along in the way that you're supposed to do it
Which is the supernatant right if the cells that are stuck to the dish
Are producing viruses and they're being released like the cartoons
Then the viruses that they release should be in the supernatant in the in the solution above the cell culture
But she's making the argument right here that they've always known that they don't have really good
replication competent viruses in that supernatant interesting, isn't it?
Very very interesting, isn't it?
So they have exosomes they can find exosomes they can find signals
Of the RNA being packaged into the exosomes, but they can't find
The knobs meaning that and also meaning that this they can't infect other cells. They can't
Move on. They're not infectious
And so this is still the primitive understanding of what the spike proteins do or don't do in these exosomes or in these particles
But it's very curious already that the establishment of
If you do it like the cartoons and take the supernatant off you are left with almost an entirely incompetent fraction of particles
And so it's not just with coronaviruses, but it's with many of these RNA viruses
So just keep that in mind as we move forward
So can you prove to me that HIV doesn't exist
I
Can I can show you what the evidence shows what what montanea for example presented
Because everybody except that montanea is the discover of HIV
And I can show you the evidence which montanea presented and claims to have proven the existence of HIV
And I will explain to you why montanea evidence does not prove the existence of HIV
Let's do it. I'm ready
And so what do we mean by virus isolation or virus pure in my humble opinion
This is the most revealing video that you will ever see that tells you exactly how much commitment how much
Spectacular commitment to lying is going on these next 15 minutes if you've never seen them are going to actually blow your mind
Okay
What do we mean by virus isolation or virus purification
These are jargon words in virology and they're not very precise
They mean different things to different people
Now dr. Gallo and dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Understand this is the man who figured out how to make infectious clones and he made infectious clone of the poliovirus with vincent rants rack and yellow
Understand that this is the man who got the Nobel Prize for reverse transcriptase
Understand that this is the man who formulated the entire our entire understanding of how genomes
Of viruses are organized
Based on the way that you get to messenger RNA
That whole concept of there being all these viruses with all these different kinds of genomes requiring all these different kinds of infectious cycles
and and with or with not
uh
RNA dependent RNA polymerases etc. This all scheme was designed by this guy
Who who is credited for discovering reverse transcriptase
And who's responsible for the methodology of clones which we're supposed to believe are just the same as regular viruses
It's just you know, you do it a different way
According to the according to the guy who worked for the human genome project before he finished grad school
And then started a company with his brothers and his father and eric lander on testing hiv
When he was like 20 something
And now after all of this success decades of working with the department of energy
And and with with biotech companies and and working on ip and being able to afford a house on the atlantic ocean in boston
That guy wastes his time tweeting about me and calling me a monkey
On twitter instead of just ignoring me instead of just moving on and alerting the united states to the
double-stranded dna contamination in the shots and starting a nationwide campaign to stop
Transfection he spends more time telling people not to pay attention to me
Then he does campaigning for the double-stranded dna contamination that he's supposedly found
And he spends no time at all clarifying that he spoke out against the pcr and he spoke out against the RNA purity and he spoke out against
All these other things for three years
He's got more time for me than he does for
Saving the planet he does a few podcasts where he repeats that there's double this is the key right here listen
Because this guy has been there since the very beginning
People like robert malone look up to this guy people like kevin mccurnan look up to this guy people like eric lander look up to this guy
And if this guy is spectacularly committed to a lie, then what do we have?
What do we have here?
unwitting participants
People that are just fooled
Or do we have people that are participating in the way that we are governed
Through these lies
That's what you need to ask yourself now
And you need to ask this seriously if you're really trying to save your kids and your grandkids because it might not help us
We might have to pay a pretty harsh price as we try to
Save our kids from this mythology that these people are responsible for listen carefully to this man speak
And see if you think he is being genuine
Do you think that he is genuine about his love of biology?
Do you think he's genuine about his fascination for the molecular world that underpins
Biology do you think?
Let me tell me what you think after you see this video. There's isolation or virus purification
um
These are jargon words in virology and they're not very precise
They mean different things to different people
Now dr. Gallo and dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification. Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolate what was it?
Of the virus? Yes
Well you isolate a virus by
Um
Finding the virus which causes a disease
You purify a virus by making a lot of I mean just by purifying it so you get a pure virus
Okay, I don't understand what the
They interchange the two and I wasn't I see it was the same thing or that was too totally different
No, it depends on how they use
Can can you explain the process of hw isolation?
Well, I didn't dr. Gallo do that. I mean he actually isolated it so
I
Mean why should I do all of this? This is all textbook stuff. You're asking me
I'm not quite sure what's behind your question about isolation. I don't want to be your textbook
You know, I cut other things to do
Isolation is essentially that's not the reaction of somebody who feels like he's been asked a question that's below him
That is someone who has who realizes that he's just been cornered
And the only way for him to get out of that corner was to say that come on man. This is beneath me
That's extraordinary
And they're not going to find anybody that they can put on video that's going to give you an adequate explanation of this
In general maybe but not in specific and certainly not with reference to the hiv virus
Which is what he just asked him about. I just want to play that a little bit again because it's nice
It's just it's beautiful
I see it was the same thing or if it was too totally different. Oh, it depends on how they use it. Okay
Can you explain the process of hw isolation?
Well, I didn't dr. Gallo do that. I mean he actually isolated it so
I
Mean why should I do all of this? This is all textbook stuff. You're asking me
I'm not quite sure what's behind your question about isolation. I don't want to be your textbook
You know, I cut other things to do
Isolation is essentially
Getting the the virus
From the patient and being able to transmit this virus
to another cell
To reproduce the infection and to have a continual
Supply of the virus and that's called isolation
See and that's very tricky. You can't just isolate virus and then have a continuous supply of it. That's the problem
with RNA virology
It doesn't work
That's the objection that these these isolation and purification
Focused people have and it is a legitimate
It is a legitimate explanation
objection
And this is exactly where they were with the hiv virus ladies and gentlemen think about this history
I was going around the mall
Getting in fights with people from Chippewa falls
I wasn't paying attention to this back then
In the 80s, I was living my best life trying to see every movie that came out at the mall and like, you know
Using my driver's license to do don'ties in a in a parking lot
I wasn't paying attention to whether AIDS was real
Are you kidding? I had an aquarium to clean. I had snakes to feed. I had a paper route
I
And I had to play cyber ball
That was the best video game ever if you never played cyber ball with like two people against two people in the in the late 80s
Or beginning maybe very like 88 or 89 you missed it. You totally missed it
My point is is that we need our college kids to understand that this history is here
It's it's an it's a much more in need of disambiguation than any of them realized
Then any of them will ever be told in their history classes
There is no history of biology class at the university level. Did you ever think about that?
That there is no history of science biology at the at the university level and why that would be
And why these philosophy of science
Histories go back so far as to go all the way back to like astronomy because they don't want you to think
Rather they don't want you to realize
That the same kinds of bad models of the universe the same kinds of bad models of complexity
Can result in decades of of misadventures
Decades of being governed by a mythology
And whether she's a winning or unwitting participant
We are being fooled because people like like David Baltimore are spectacularly committed to the original lie
Upon which all of these other observations are distorted
And so if the foundational observation is distorted then everything that comes after it is necessarily on a
On a lean as well
You don't necessarily notice it if you grew up in that leaning tower
If you cut your teeth learning how to walk in that leaning tower and not have the the lean bother you then you're you're this lady right here
or if you work on
Signals in this size space that are real and aren't being distorted other than the aids virus other than coronavirus
Maybe there are some signals that are real like bacteriophages or giant viruses
And it's these intermediates that are actually
Exosomic signaling and endosomes and this kind of thing these are all being distorted as pathogenic as well
But whatever the illusion is ladies and gentlemen, please let us tell our high school kids
Let us tell our college kids that this debate and illusion and exaggeration about what is possible
in this
Biological space has been going on since AIDS and before it's important purification is just obtaining the virus
Free of solar contaminants or other contaminations, but it doesn't mean necessarily that the virus is infectious
Virus isolation I would take to mean that
You take some infected material like a blood sample
From someone who you think or or believe may have HIV infection may already have symptoms of AIDS
And you try and grow the virus
From that blood sample
So you would put the blood sample into culture you would stimulate the lymphocytes
To proliferate with various growth factors or cytokines and you would harvest the virus
From the the culture medium. You're growing it in for eight virus on the who station
So let's listen to carefully to what he explains here and then let's analyze what he says
I would take to mean that
You take some infected material like a blood sample
From someone who you think or or believe may have HIV infection may already have symptoms of AIDS
And you try and grow the virus
From that blood sample
So you would put the blood sample into culture you would stimulate the lymphocytes
To proliferate with various growth factors or cytokines and you would harvest the virus
From the the culture medium. You're growing it in
You would spin out the cells
Separate the cells and the supernatants and you would look for the virus
in the
In the culture medium that needn't be a pure medium because you can use markers of the virus that tell you it's there
Such as the reverse transcriptase enzyme
So you can see evidence the virus without actually purifying particles in that very first paper
Okay, so there you can probably hear it coming already, right? You can definitely hear it coming
so um
Infected material and this is a lot of what what people like mark bailey have talked about for a long time with regard to the isolation of sars
CoV-2 infected material is put on a cell culture for AIDS. It would be a lymphocyte cell culture
The cell culture is stimulated to divide
Or it is stimulated or it is
In this case they give it growth factors and cytokines
And so they stimulate the cells to divide
In the presence of this infectious material, whatever it is
They harvest the supernatant and then they look for markers that include reverse transcriptase
Now if reverse transcriptase expression or more importantly reverse transcriptase activity
Is identified in that in that culture there better darn well be a
Control where they do everything but they don't put infected material in there
But they put healthy material in there
And there isn't but there needs to be because otherwise we don't know if what they did to stimulate the lymphocytes cell culture
upon
Upon exposing it to the infected material is not responsible for these markers coming up markers coming up
And again, here's a virologist very
What appears to be wittingly going along with the idea that markers and and surrogates of
of presence are okay
That the the actual presence of the virus is already
Understood with high enough fidelity so that we can use these markers instead
And this is still at a time
When people are objecting to whether or not the virus was actually found and who it was found by think about how spectacular that is
Oops, that's supposed to be star wars. There we go. That's better
I
Like the star wars wipe. Okay. Go go go gadgets from the french group published in may 1983
uh, they were two things that
appeared to
Class it amongst the retrovirus
family one was reverse transcriptase activity and
One was actually looking at virus particles with the electron microscope
So they had pictures and they had enzymatic activity, but they didn't do the controls necessary to know
That the enzymatic activity that they detected wasn't a result of their manipulation in the experiment
They don't have that control. Isn't that weird?
Isn't it weird that they would have already jumped so far to assume the existence of the virus
And that reverse transcriptase would be a sufficient signal to indicate its presence. Isn't that weird
And this is at a time when PCR didn't you know, it wasn't quite
weaponized yet
But when it would be when it would it when it would be
Adjunct court would be right there ready to go
um ready to help out with uh hiv testing
Gosh, I can't believe what a hero he is
The title of the
1983 paper by Montagnier and his colleague is isolation
Of a teleprotropic retrovirus from a patient at risk of acquired immune deficiency syndrome aids
Now the word isolation
means
To obtain something or to place something apart or to obtain a sepsum separate from everything else
Apparently mutagnier by isolation that laptop is a 17 inch macbook
They only made it between
2010 and 2012. It is a beast
Uh a real relic that thing is cool
It's it's the one that came right before the one that I have which is a 15 inch
2012 macbook, which I think is the greatest laptop ever made did not mean this but something totally different
And I'll explain to what he meant by by isolation
He did three main experiments
The first experiment he took liver sites from a patient now is known as brew
And he cultured them who is many
Substances including pha and other growth factors. What are growth factors?
The substances which make cell to multiply
Okay
Or to live
into to to stay alive in the culture
And after 15 days, he discovered their reverse transcriptase activity
And they claim that this proves the existence of retrovirus
in
their patient
In their patient cells
Every two days we were taking the supernatant
Looking for the presence of the enzyme that transform RNA to DNA the reverse most FDA's
Because we know that this enzyme is associated to virus particle
So we were testing for this enzyme activity in the supernatant
What's so special about reverse transcription
Anytime you're searching for a new agent
You want to have some simple measurement of the presence of that agent
In times past you would put it on cells cell culture in the laboratory and suddenly these beautiful cells will all start turning into dead cells
He says oh something's there
And then you put that into an electron microscope and look and you can find it
All those are rather difficult things to use
If there's something that the virus
Think about the concept that you put stuff on a cell culture the cell culture dies
And then you think you can use a very very very high resolution camera to find the cause
Just think about how crazy that is
For example, there's a huge car accident
On on Washington avenue down the street here
And we use as many cell phone and drone photography pictures as possible of the accident to figure
out why it happened
But the guy who caused the accident was drunk
How many photographs would we need to take before we'd figure that out?
And what he's suggesting is is that after mixing and a patient sample in a cell culture and seeing these
Beautiful cells start to deteriorate
There's a sign of something there and then you can put that under an electron microscope and take a picture of it
I want you to hear how spectacular that is
Because this is the essence of farewell to virology from mark bailey
He focuses exclusively on this absurdity and he really tears it apart very well
With regard to sars and with regard some of the other older papers and the way that they've been interpreted
So in a lot of ways and i'm going to focus exclusively on coronaviruses and sars too in particular
We are dealing with an illusion
We are dealing with a spectacular commitment to these
Proxy signals which these people all know don't indicate pandemic potential. They might not even indicate existence
Depending on how far you believe this lie goes how committed you believe some of these people are
But keep in mind this is a historic video and we are still not really that far from here
Just focused on a different
A different virus
It's really spectacular
Producers in this culture you don't necessarily have to see all the dead stuff you just can have
Take off some of the liquid. It's growing in and tested
And one thing you can test for a retrovirus is reverse transcriptase
And it just happens to be that's a laboratory test available for it
So you just take a little bit off put it into a chemical assay and you can do it very very simply
So it's a matter of something that you can put a lot of specimens through and something that's simple to do so you can really
get a
Maybe not a direct picture of the virus. You can't see it, but you can get evidence that is there like fingerprints
Like fingerprints
The lymphocytes
Which are originated from blue lymph nodes
He took these lymphocytes and cultured them who is the lymphocytes of a healthy blood donor
And there again he detected a reverse transcriptase activity
So mutinya that found reversed transcriptase activity
And according to him this proof that the retrovirus was there
So Pete is right Pete in the chat says that uh telemerases are reverse transcriptases and they are present in every cell
And that's correct actually telomeres are maintained by the reverse transcription of them
They get restored. Um, they are maintained by this uh telemerase
So that's totally right and it's not clear whether telemerase activity could be confounded with reverse transcriptase activity
But you know, we're we're
Through the looking glass at this stage here because we need to now really figure out
Who what of these people have been sabotaging this tug of war and for how long they've been sabotaging it because that's really that's the reality
And we need to take stock. We need to really take stock that this is the reality and anybody
That can trace their
Intellectual roots back to when this illusion was actively being constructed
Who those people need to be as far away from the the levers of
Of whatever that they can be
They have to be far far away from influencing what we are thinking and far far away from influencing what our children are thinking
Anybody that participated in this illusion in the 80s
In any way shape or form and hasn't come out and said as a result of the pandemic that wow
I can't believe how long this illusion has been going on. He's definitely almost certainly involved in it now
Because they already proved their worth 20 years ago
They already proved that they either would unwittingly participate because of ego or other reasons greed
prestige
status
Or unwittingly because they weren't sophisticated enough in their appreciation of the sacred biology to see how this was being distorted and being used against us
Too lost in their own little question to care
Too lost in their grand proposals to care too lost in life
And the busyness of it
But now is our chance to teach our children something
Once this is our once in a in a millennium chance to teach our children the truth or at least put our
Put our children on the trail of the truth
Put our children on a a genuine pursuit of the truth. I may never know it
But maybe my sons will
Wouldn't that be isn't that a much more optimistic and hopeful appraisal of the situation than then uh
bioweapons
And and dominance of of bioterrorism and and incapacitating agents that have killed millions of people
And
I'm not just arguing that those are sad
outlooks
They're unrealistic biologically implausible outlooks
And given who we are fighting and what we are fighting it is very very unlikely that they are real
But rather a mythology that has been
carefully installed over decades starting with the hiv
fiasco
And going on from there over decades and actually installed by the same people. That's why fauci runs so far deep
He might be the most important
Whitting participant that there is and he may be unwitting about some of the the
The implications of his work because he may not be sophisticated enough to know but it's almost impossible to believe
Um that he is not part of this intimately part of this charade that is
uh public health and governance by it
It's just been many many years ladies and gentlemen and we have to teach our college kids this but
The only way to say that the existence of reversed as cryptic so the detection of reversed as cryptic activity proves the retrovirus was there
is only
If reversed transcription was specific to retroviruses
Which is not the case in fact?
Then today nearly everybody accepts that reversed transcription or a western script activity is
non-specific to retroviruses
In fact a present everybody accepts that reversed transcript transcription is present in all normal cells
in fact
a sub biggest
at the beginning of the 1970s
Garro himself has shown that
normal
cells
When putting culture in the stimulator to their cartridge which be with pha till start
um
Heaven reversed the script is activity
So
Motenie put the bruce cells in a culture into culture here the different growth factors including pha
And after 15 days he detected reversed transcript activity
however
Pha by itself in normal cell and this was known by barrisin you see the principal author and galloprooted at the beginning of the
1970s that
Pha itself causes a reversed transcription
In normal cells so he put something in the cell which was causing
reversed transcription and yet he said that this proves the existence of a
Offered rovirus there
So you're saying that
What they found might just be the actual substance they put in the culture and not a virus definitely
That is that is that is is there evidence. Why would they do that?
But as you see knew that in 1973 galloprooted at the beginning in 1972. I think was his paper. I don't know
Now everybody accepts that reversed transcriptase activity is
A characteristic of retroviruses, but it's not specific to retroviruses
But in all my interviews with scientists they all say that reverse transcription is unique to retroviruses
And that's how they knew that there was a virus in their culture
Once you um have produced, you know, you produce something in the extracellular medium
You can do actually several things
One thing is that if we expect or suspect is a retrovirus
Like h t l v one the leukemia virus
What we can do is look for what we call reverse transcriptase activity the enzyme, which is unique to these viruses
Yeah, the scientific procedure was multifaceted
I mean, I have a good size lab
And so we had divided people up into different primary goals
and that would meet daily
uh, and the first goal was
If a patient
Has fully developed AIDS
Forget risk groups at the time. We didn't want to get into the risk group, you know
They had they had AIDS
Documented AIDS
Could we take their blood?
Get their T cells like we would do with any
It was like the leukemias like we did with the leukemias the same protocols. We did with leukemia
Take those T cells
Clean them up from other cells
Grow them with interleukin 2 our old friend
And see if we could find any evidence of release of virus particles
And if we were right that they would be retroviruses and how to do that was with a surrogate marker
You don't use electron microscopy in those days except maybe one or two pictures just to confirm
Or to see the structure of this particular retrovirus the assay was reverse transcriptase
Well, I don't know whom you interviewed
But if you don't believe me go in as baltimore or vermos
And i'm sure they will confirm that reverse transcriptase activity is a characteristic
Of retroviruses, but it's not specific to them
What do you mean when you say reverse transcription is a characteristic of retroviruses, but not specific?
Oh
Let me give you an example. Here is a characteristic of humans
You know black white or yellow we all have hair
But it's not specific because there are many animals for example cats dogs
Which also have hair and finding a hair in a room. It doesn't mean that a human being was there or
a cat or a dog
Are retroviruses
The only ones that can be rich transfer?
No
There are other forms of reverse transcription that are used in various
Various ways inside the cell for instance the ends of chromosomes
Are made by a reverse transcription process. That's how they're maintained stable the
There is reverse transcription in the inheritance of all of our cells
Which comes about from
endogenous genetic elements in the cells or in the cells of our
Ancestors because once that information gets into our into our cells into our genomes it stays there forever
So it could be that we've inherited
information from monkeys or from
Other animals that are that are in our
lineage
And so no reverse transcription is actually very widespread something like 50 percent
Of the DNA in our cells comes about by reverse transcription
Yes
Going back to I thought it was 1.5 to 2 percent
The 50 percent the retroviral DNA or retroviral genes in our DNA what biological function did you serve?
Now we got to make a distinction
When I said 50 percent, I'm saying 50 percent of the DNA came about by reverse transcription
But it's not all retroviruses. Lots of it is just
Repeated elements that are there as what we generally considered to be
Parasitic DNA
DNA which is other people call it selfish DNA
DNA which is in there because it's able to copy itself and reintegrate itself in other places
And this is something that's going on all the time
So he actually believes in this idea that there is parasitic DNA
That's recopying itself into our genome all the time
And it has no deleterious consequences at all. It's not knocking out genes by inserting in the wrong place
it's not
Eliminating an enhancer sequence or changing the the it is extraordinary what he is saying here right now
He's basically saying that most of our genome is made up of repeated elements that are just junk
And of course, that's what they used to think back in the 80s in the 90s that there was this
Entrons and there were these extras and the extra exons were were
Stuff that got made into proteins and the introns were just stuff in between that was mostly junk DNA
You
Need to see how spectacularly simple their model of the genome is that it just works perfectly
in in millennia after millennia of perfect children
But it's got a bunch of crap in it a bunch of stuff that just copies itself because it's selfish
But this same guy in this same interview couldn't take the time to explain how
HIV was isolated or purified and he couldn't
Take the time
To give us a textbook differentiation between those two terms or whether they're interchangeable or not and what it really means
This is where we are you can see it clearly now
These people have no respect for the sacredness of our of our biology no respect for the
The irreducible complexity that at some point you must acknowledge no
He's already talking about the genome like it's all but done
Talking to the genome like it's all but understood
That kevin mccurnan and the whitehead institute and and eric lander have sequenced it and now we're we're off to the races
We just have to learn to ignore all this parasitic DNA that's all selfish
This is a Nobel prize winner here
This is a Nobel prize winner right here some guy that we're supposed to look up to is one of the thought leaders of the
Of people who are currently alive
Would you take a one a one-on-one biology class with this monster
I am absolutely I'm sorry that I called you a monster
uh
Dr. Baltimore I shouldn't have
But I think that you're guilty of misleading the young I think that you are actively misleading everyone
on earth
And part of a group of people that has been misleading everyone on earth for decades
And so i'm not sure what other term to use to describe you
But that's what I that's the only conclusion that I can come to when I see this spectacular commitment to lies
It's a whole movie
Talking to the guy who invented infectious clones and we're not going to talk about it
Infectious clones that helped them overcome the problem of you know the knobs going away
I can't take that call right now, but I would really like to take that call right now
um
It's just I'm just shocked
that how
Obvious the irreverence is it's it's it's just it's mind-blowing
I'm saying 50 percent of the dna came about by our first transcription
But it's not all retroviruses. Lots of it is just
Repeated elements that are there as what we generally considered to be
um
parasitic dna
DNA, which is other people call it selfish dna
DNA, which is in there because it's able to copy itself and reintegrate itself in other places
And this is something that's going on all the time
um
And it builds up
Why do you think that you and so part of the reason why our genome is so big is because we've got all this parasitic dna in it
Even though every time you do a recombination or an insertion or something like that if it's done erroneously
It ends up in a deletion
So somehow or another
Their explanation
For why our genome is the way it is as simple as parasitic dna that copies itself all the time and stuff
That's their sophisticated understanding. That's the level of fidelity
That they started with with regard to understanding the genome. That's it. That's it. Nothing else
I
Is reverse transcription
To prove the existence of a virus if they knew that it wasn't specific to viruses. I don't know
It's as simple as this. I don't know in fact they went one step further in the second experiment
They have
Taken the cells from their patient and mixed them which sells from a normal blood donor
And in that culture again, they put pha another
growth factors substances which make the cell to survive and grow
And again, they found reverse transcriptase activity
And this time they claim that they're finding what reverse transcriptase activity in the second culture
Proves that the virus was transmitted
from the patient cells
to the
normal donor cells
And in fact, they say that this proves isolation of HIV
But they must have used some other criteria
To state that they had a new virus. There was no other criteria in the first they had a third experiment
But in the first a second experiment, that's how they're described
In in their paper
It was the first experiment
Revestants could replace activity the second experiment
Revestants could replace activity. They are the only evidence they have published
So in the first and the second experiment. So in both experiments, they fed the culture substances
Which artificially caused reverse transcription? Yes
Sorry about the volume just one of them pha
By itself, it will cause reverse transcription
in the normal cells
In non-infected cells
What are your problems with the third experiment?
Well, the problems first of all again, they took the supernatant
And it's it is from their second expect
It is
Tazik cube or whatever that is
I don't know how to say your name tazik's cube
the the mind trick of surrogate markers is an important topic and
And I I think it is the topic because essentially that's what is being defended
And what was being defended from the very beginning by
people who worked for the human genome project
People who have worked on AIDS their entire life
What what kind of list would you like to have? It's Birx. It's Fauci. It's Redfield. It's Wollinski. It's Murthy
It's they've all done AIDS
And even in the background
We have Robert Malone who worked in Murray Gardner's lab Murray Gardner
Supposed to be the guy who took the supernatant from France and brought it back to gallows lab that we're talking about right now
I mean, where are we if every single person on the on the tv and every single person on social media on the alternative social media
Has cut their teeth in hiv
I
Where are we if everybody
That is a dissident on our side is not arguing against the vaccine schedule isn't even questioning
What happened during hiv isn't even questioning the flu vaccine and is not questioning
The spread of a novel virus. What does that really mean to you?
That every meaningful
doubter
That is being amplified by the
Peter teal and elon musk network every doubter believes in the virus believes in AIDS believes in the vaccine schedule
Doesn't speak out about flu shots believes in the 1918 pandemic
Don't you see it yet?
The fact that this is still fringe
To all the people we're supposed to be following should be a giant red flag
The fact that that anything to do with with with the vaccine schedule is pretty much
uh
Not talked about
Is something that you've got to just acknowledge as being a problem, okay?
And the fact of the matter is these people who are on team worst case scenario
Will not go here. They won't tell you why?
Transfection was bad from the beginning and why it will be bad for any healthy human going forward
They won't tell you why the vaccine schedule has been
Holy exaggerated in its purpose and its effectiveness
They're never going to discuss the role of
Sanitation and sewer treatment and and water treatment and chlorine and swimming pools. They're never going to talk about all that stuff
They're never going to talk about the ever increasing
success rate
of western medicine
That is also overlaid on the effects of these diseases before we fixed all of the things we didn't know we needed to fix
Before we stopped using DDT
This
Illusion
That we are trapped under can be
Some of summarize by the biology that underpins that statement and that statement alone if you understand your immune system
As a complex pattern integrity organized around a barrier
And you understand even a little bit about how it's organized this will make perfect sense and this will be
acid to any other discussion or extemporaneous
Question
And anybody that's really on our side or more importantly anybody that's on our grandkids side
Should be making this argument at this stage
And at least be open to making that argument if it's provoked even if they have
Something else they're really focused on like ivermectin it should be okay
If you mention this that they're like oh, I totally agree with that. Wow
The vaccine schedule in america is a parent that would be wonderful wouldn't it if somebody said that abhorrent
But they won't only giga-ohm biological and a few other people are doing this
I want you to just see what is potentially possible with the worst case scenario narrative being distorted
here's a video on the internet that I found
that is
actively accusing
Ryan Cole
Of selling natto kinase and this being evidence of him being a creep
Now I don't want to debate about the effectiveness of natto kinase
I want to debate about the potential dangers of natto kinase when used in concert with other drugs
I don't want to debate about whether or not a particular supplier of natto kinase is good or bad
What I want to debate about is the idea that ryan cole was a very successful pathologist before the covid
Ryan cole came out very early about t cell immunity
very very early about natural immunity
And
Now he's having his life ruined
By a suit that allows him not to talk anymore not to be active anymore
And I want you to think about the possibility that some of these organizations that are supporting some of these these
These people are being discredited to discredit the people that they are supporting rather than the organization itself
And if peter mccull is a good guy
And the only way he's able to put money on our food on the table or keep thing and keep making ends meet is to take money from
Something like the wellness company is it possible
That attacking the wellness company is a wonderful way to pretend like you're not attacking
Peter mcculler who's actually one of the few people who spoke out when it wasn't cool
Is it possible that you're going to come out against somebody like like
Uh
Dr. Jim Thorpe
Who might not be sophisticated enough to understand the subtleties of what the cloned methodology means for this
Bamboozlement that we are under, but he's surely in touch with the sacred biology of the pregnant woman and of the newborn baby
And so him speaking out about transfection being wholly inappropriate for them his his his role in this
And so attacking the wellness company because they support somebody like Jim Thorpe. Is that really what we want to do?
I don't know. I don't know
But I want to show you this example of how if if Ryan Cole is a good guy like I think he might be
Maybe Ryan Cole is being attacked now simply because he had no choice
But to take money from places where he could take it
Just like I had no choice
But to accept a pretty well-paying job with chd because it also had insurance and it drives my wife nuts that we don't have insurance
And so we can't judge people all the time based on how they're putting money on the table, but we better darn well know how they're doing it
And understand the implications of it
But should that take away from the fact that
Ryan Cole is one of the first people to speak out about t-cell immunity in relation to
Coronavirus is in general. Is that a reason to take him out? It sure seems like a good one to me
The first guy to speak out about the enabling of cancers because of the interference of teat with t-cells and the
Lymphocyte opinion. I think that's a good reason to take him out
And so let's put him in a financial situation where he can't make ends meet anymore
Whereas business is failing and where he's got to pay massive legal fees
Then let's make him have a source of money that we're going to then attack
As a proxy for attacking him and everybody else that gets supported by them
And so we've got to be careful ladies and gentlemen
We've got to be careful
Because there are plenty of people who are trying their best and the machine is working actively against them
So just watch this video so I can show you the possibilities that are coming
I
Think it's playing yeah
And so he says that Ryan Cole is a gatekeeper
There's no, you know, nano chips and wires and all this crazy stuff you share on the internet
I think that he's a gatekeeper because he says there's no nano chips and wires in these things
And so think about this distortion where he is
Bringing to the table
The fact that secret bhakti was correct that michael eden was correct that that it looks like
The the complement system is being activated by the antibody response to the expression of these proteins on endothelial cells
And that these microclots are forming because of the degradation of endothelial cells the production of fibrinogen
Or fibrin whichever one it is. I think it's fibrin
So fibrinogen gets
Degridated to degrated to fibrin and fibrin forms these microclots with the help of
With the help of these antibodies and with the complement system with platelets
That's my stomach. Sorry
And so
Ryan Cole the guy who came out against natural uh came out for natural immunity and really came out for t cell immunity before
Any other person I heard no one else but him
And is now facing giant legal problems
Is the guy that they're saying is a gatekeeper because he says there was no nano
Particles in the shot even though there could have been in spain or somewhere like that. There probably weren't any in america
I want you to think about how how diabolical it is
Is
That that's the way we are being played
By by a by a platform like twitter
Who we're supposed to believe is now a free space, but it's actually not it was being used to control
the masses opinions and and and
And instincts before the pandemic and it's being controlled now. It's just a question of who owns it
Or who purports to own it
And so we are still seeing a distorted picture and the distorted picture is now going to fold in on itself
as all of the the
The desired
narrative curators get ever elevated
as we see
Brett Weinstein being on the tucker carlson podcast over and over and over again
And then we see the left make fun of tucker carlson and his coverage of the
Immigrant crisis and other things with Brett Weinstein over and over and over again
And in the background is this
Dissident community that is being ever fractured not by people like me who are questioning things
But by people who were there to make sure that the worst case scenario was never dismissed
And so now the worst case scenario is not even that they
Transfected us and transfection causes these microclots due to an auto immune reaction and over stimulation of the of the complement system
Now they want you to believe that they lied to you about what they put in the shots even worse even more magical
Because then a guy like this with a very plausible biological
Explanation for what's going on gets dismissed
And people chase down what nano particles and and nano wires and and
nano bots
And so later on in this video he mentions nano kinase. I don't need to do that. That's not necessary
I just wanted you to see that is the problem. Oh, I didn't mean to dismiss that though
So i'm gonna go quick past this sorry
And so we have been fooled by this this this worst case scenario idea and they are still pushing it and as I showed you
There's now we have
cooperative activity between a former human genome project
patent holder and hiv tester
entrepreneur
and
Charles rixie who took the diffuse proposal leak and gave it to a bunch of foreigners on twitter as his
active patriotism to save our grandkids
And those two agree that this was a laboratory weapon that was leased on the world. It's probably a two-part weapon
According to rixie
Early, but I want his high morbidity. I want people to complain and rixie and mccain and mccernan and everybody ignore this talk
They ignore this guy they ignore the plausibility of his explanation and they ignore the possibility that the lies extend
into the biosecurity space
That everything about coronavirus is real
Everything about the sequences are real
We can trust everything that they say except for where it came from that we we should be very skeptical of and they're most certainly lying about it
That's the extent of their intellectual depth with regard to trying to interpret what really happened over the last four years. That's it
Just take take nih and cdc's word for it something spread
Killed millions of people but millions more were saved from it. I mean look at all those sequences gain a function must be real and certainly it's going to come again
And so this mystery is not going to be solved by a lot of these people because their job was to make sure it didn't get solved in the way
That it needed to be solved. It was supposed to be solved in the lab leak or natural virus thing. That's it. That's where we are
That's why Robert Malone is doubling and tripling down on this
That's why they're all doubling and tripling down on it
They want us to move on now to solve the problems in the middle east or solve the problems somewhere. What was that?
I felt like something just flew in that was weird
um
And so they won't do the math that jessica hocket and and
Jonathan engler are doing they won't do the math of madassolam and remdesivir and
No one talks about the opioid deaths except for marqulak
um
Death certificate fraud, uh, you know, financial incentives to do that death certificate fraud track and trace
PCR lateral flow test flawed all the fraud all of this stuff
We're really starting to peel back the narrative with regard to pcr because that's really something that we know now
from from this the whole investigation into the clones that
That this is a wholly exaggerated fidelity that they claim to have and the pcr
Is this proxy for the presence of infectious virus, which is wholly inadequate?
It's very similar to using reverse transcriptase and pha stimulated cells, but now we're using
nucleic acids or the or amplicons of nucleic acids to indicate replicating virus and that's just absurd
But it keeps us trapped in this limited spectrum of debate and makes it very lively if you have
People like kevin mccaren and charles rixie and kevin mccernan calling people names and
Saying how dumb people are to think that infectious clones mean anything reasonable
And so we were on our kids are on this road still and our kids are looking for some truth looking for some understanding
Looking for some adults who have a grip on reality and that's who we need to be
And the way that we are that that adult that those kids need is to get out of this car
Get out of the car that we've been in for four years that we got into with people like, you know
erictopl and and tony fauci and and woolinski and burks
Where this novel virus was real, but it's not just one novel virus. It's one of many
And another and yet another example of pandemic potential realized these these mythologies need to be dismissed
And we need to understand why it is that despite having all of these really smart people on it. We haven't cracked this case yet
We need to understand that
Why is it that only a few people are where giga ohm biological is right now in this stream a few people on this screen are here just a few
quite a few of them are actually convinced that i'm one of the worst players
in the whole narrative which is
In my mind quite comical coming from the back of my garage. I think it's great
It tells me that we are over the target with regard to what these people are doing and that many more of them
Then are willing to admit actually know that they've been maintaining this pandemic confusion on purpose
And that's why they won't talk about zero epidemiological spread
They won't talk about strict liability for all pharmaceutical products
They won't talk about the vicp and the cicp these two
Vaccine kangaroo courts is being a seventh amendment violation. No
Lawyers talking about that right now. No
Dissident is talking about that right now. There's no sub stacks about
Strict liability on roberm alone sub stack or no strict liability can be found on maryll nassas sub stack
No discussion of the seventh amendment violation can be found on either of those sub stacks either
And they're never going to discuss about the
Ponderance of iatrogenic death hyatrogenic murder
They're never going to talk about it because that goes against the narrative of the novel virus that killed millions of people
That doesn't participate in this pantomime
Where these people have been getting us to argue about the wrong things
Getting us to ask the wrong questions by pretending that there is a pandemic
And pretending that they are doing something useful like this guy is pretending to usefully stop the train
And then chalk his hands up and usefully help to start the train
We have been fooled by people who are doing just what this guy is doing
But in the context of the pandemic pretending to fight it
Pretending to argue about it pretending to discuss relevant biology
When the relevant biology wasn't being discussed
And when it was it was being discussed by people like conuit with koski
or ryan cole
or
peter mcculler
Or michael eden
Or on my little tiny channel in 2020
And not on and not with any of these people that are currently leading this
This way out of the cave telling us that they know the way out of the cave
These are the people who are telling us that the people that say
hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin were a real real useful with this novel
Novel pathogen
The same people who are telling us that the double stranded dna contamination is a real big deal
But not telling us the transfection was a really bad idea
And once you see that glaring omission
And the focus on the double stranded dna contamination as a contamination
You will see the game that they're playing they're doing what this guy's doing
They're pretending to meaningfully oppose something
They're pretending to meaningfully represent a dissidence that
An opposition to authority that you can
naively feel
as being meaningful
And that's not any different than the diffuse proposal being discussed as real by all these people
Who say now a foyer request has shown that they actually ordered the enzymes. Oh my gosh. We were right
They did do the experiments. They had enough funding. They did it
It's the same thing. It's the same
Scooby-Doo narrative being solved right before our eyes by people who
For the most part i'm probably unwitting participants that were offered a chance at fame and comfort
If they just went with their instincts which were that this is a lab leak and i've done this little paper
This little analysis or i sent in this foyer and the foyer seems to indicate that
It's so weird that people don't understand that foyer requests are known
So people don't write emails very often under the pretense that they don't think it'll get foyer
They write emails under the pretense that it could be foyer
Doesn't anybody understand that?
And
So we are here where they have over decades created the illusion of pandemic potential in the literature
They have for decades created the illusion in secret meetings
Of pandemic potential and gain of function risk and then they seeded a narrative with mass casualty events and stayed committed to a lie
This was a national security event
And this live exercise continued with the implementation of a team worst case scenario or several teams
that were sent out into the world with the message of confusion fear uncertainty
And the idea that the worst case scenario is billions of people dead
And because it was a real real
National security exercise there are people that are participating that have said that they wouldn't tell that would be killed if they do
Or smeared and slandered and thrown out if they do
They got in over their heads. They didn't know what they were signing up for but they are now in it
And they are responsible for the toxicity of the virus being confounded with the toxicity of transfection
So that the average tv skilled tv watching public and believes that there wasn't a novel virus that was released in the world
And that we rushed out a transfection that had some negative consequences
But overall could have been worse
And this all goes back to the original illusion of antibodies being a useful proxy for immunity to
A respiratory infection the idea that a novel virus requires new antibodies
And the idea that vaccine antibodies are more durable and universal
Than antibodies produced from infection and that
Horribly simple and absolutely inverted understanding of the immune response and the role of antibodies in it
Is how they have permanently removed
The
Ability for young parents to in to give informed consent for their children and informed consent for themselves
Young people cannot give informed consent to any vaccination
Because they are told that the biology that underpins vaccination is this and this is a lie
This is not a um a misleading diagram. This is not a hey oversimplified diagram. This is a lie
This is a lie designed to enslave us under the pretense that vaccines work
This is how they work and this is why they must be universally accepted by our children
And we cannot let our children grow up with this mythology. We simply can't because that is the trap
Batcave viruses the new world order. This is where they want our kids
They want this lie to become the truth and they want us to do it for them
And so the only choice is to make sure we never forget
We never forget what they did. We never forget who these people are. We never forget where they worked
We never forget their history so that we can see them clearly for who they are
They are people who have have formulated and and and perpetuated the concept of worst-case scenario
And they have done it for all of these reasons and to be part of the governing structure that's to come
To be part of team
Whatever elite
Make no mistake about it. That's what this is about. That's the only reason why somebody with a house
In marble head
In boston is going to be spending more time tweeting about me than he is trying to get the word out about double-stranded dna
in the transfections
The mythology of pandemic viruses cannot be passed on to our college kids the
The mythology of of masks and social distancing and lockdowns cannot be passed on to our college kids
The fidelity illusion of pcr testing cannot be passed down
To our medical students ladies and gentlemen, we have a huge
Huge huge window here that is closing extremely rapidly where we can break this illusion about
About where this is going and what they really want, which is our children
And we have this once in a millennia chance once in several generations chance to prevent our children from getting on the train that we were put on
The train that we were put on
The train where where vaccinations are just they just work
And the more you have the better
That the evolution of the vaccine schedule in america is perfectly logical and not criminal
Where novel coronaviruses have pandemic potential and can jump from laboratories or bat caves
Where every symptomatic spread of many different things is real
And where we have this huge data bank of 15 million sequences that are evidence of the pandemic
Gain a function one
Can't let our kids on this train ladies and gentlemen, and we will lose them forever and we will lose our grandchildren forever
And they know that that's why they're committed to this. That's why they they are committed to this because on the other side
In 10 years or 15 years they will be and their families will be in the ruling elite
Exempt from or outside of the mythology of the average
TV watching individual who believes that a pandemic happened in 2020
And that we're at the tail end of it five years in
It's a faith in a novel virus ladies and gentlemen
It's a faith that all of these people are being paid comfort and fame in order to maintain
And the only way to break it is to point out to our children that this is not possible
That RNA can't start in 2019 and faithfully circulate around the globe for five years straight and a trackable
And branching phylogeny. That's not how this works
There's no evidence for it in the previous literature and there's no real evidence for it now
It's a lie
It's got to be because they have never bothered to try to differentiate from a completed background signal
Although there's plenty of evidence in the literature that they've been looking to characterize this background for decades
They know what signals are there because nathan wolf has been working on it for decades. So I mean really
In this scenario, we should be asking for a pause on all childhood vaccines in america full stop
strict liability for all pharmaceutical products including vaccines full stop
We should investigate the apparent mass casualty events that are being misconstrued
You misconstrued as spread and we should investigate the possibility that
Transfection to a spike protein or transfection to a toxin or
Transfection to a genome sequence or sequences could be used to create the illusion of the pandemic including
The symptomologies and the molecular biological signatures that were purported to indicate spread
We need to teach these possibilities to our children so that we can regain the sovereignty
Over their lives over their minds
And we need to get out of the who in the un entirely and we need to elect people to congress who are willing to do that
That's pretty simple and you can see the medlers because they don't like these ideas
They don't want to talk about transfection and use the word
They don't want to talk about clones as being anything other than just another way of getting viruses
And they definitely don't want to summarize across the whole show
Never mind across their whole real career or their whole real career during 2020
2021 when they weren't speaking out like they should have
So we are going to spend the next few weeks learning this biology one by one
We started all the way at the end now all the way at the beginning of this illusion
Which I think really honing in on the the AIDS epidemic and it and the illusion created by it is a really good place to start
Now we're going to move forward to steffin lanka's work on measles and that objection in 2015 in the coming show
And then
We're going to try and outline what I think is the
the sort of illusion that these people are trying and how they're trying to maintain it and
Getting you to argue about two things that aren't related and once you see that these two things aren't related
Then you'll see why the infectious clone idea is the answer to this problem
They are lying to us about AI
And I've been hammering on this for a while and I've got a few clips that I've been harvesting
That really hit this home one from daniel dennett one from from hey podcast with
with
Jordan peterson
It's just extraordinary how jordan peterson in that particular podcast just he actually states the truth out loud
And then it goes right over his head like an airplane. It's really amazing
So we're going to revisit ai and the distortion of ai and the dangers of coming ai versus whatever they're using on us right now
Ladies and gentlemen, please stop transfection in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary
Thank you for joining me in the middle of the day
103 people watching is fabulous
I'm not sure if i'm going to make it on again in the after in the evening
But there's a possibility that for sure i'm going to be on as many days as possible now
And during the week monday through friday, there's always going to be
At least one show during the day
I'm thinking about trying to do a show in the early morning called the second cup of coffee
Which will be a little more improvisational and then in the afternoon will be more of a real real study all and
I'm actually thinking about doing the briefs every once in a while now separately too. So we'll do
We're just going to try and more and more more more content
That's more and more of the truth out there as often as possible
We don't have to
Don't have to get too fancy with it yet. Um, we just want to win and we want to win by sharing these truths
Um, we want to win by sharing this stream and the work of mark kulak
You can also win by sharing the podcast of almond bollock
Who I think is is really out there to get the truth out and fighting for our grandchildren as well
Um, please if you can afford it to go giggo in biological.com scroll down to the bottom
And subscribe you can also support one time there. I support giggo and put in any amount of money you want to and all
Contributions are appreciated and right now. This is the not quite updated list of the subscribers and supporters
I apologize to the people who've joined in the last week or so I'll update this before tomorrow. Thanks very much. I'll see you again
I
Yeah, I'm not sure why malik put me behind a paywall. Maybe you should send him a message about that because I feel a little bad about poking him
Um, but yes, technically i'm behind a paywall, but you know, everybody's got to earn their living. Um, he also put
Mike eden behind a paywall after asking if that was okay. So I'm not going to judge
Uh
Malik on that he didn't put me behind a paywall right away
And so maybe he just sees it as a podcast that is enough of the truth that he can
You know get people to commit for it. So i'm not going to hold it against him
And uh, i'm going to be on his podcast in like a week and a half or something again
So, you know, we're buddies and it's all good. So
We all got families and we all got people to feed so we got to do it. However, we can and uh
Right now
There aren't very many of us fighting for what we need to fight for. So, um, everybody that
That um is fighting for our grandchildren. I'm on team. So let's uh, let's be here tomorrow
Same time same channel like 1313. I'll see you